Feature/#106 support sqlalchemy 1.4 part 3 (#244)
EXASOL/sqlalchemy-exasol: changelog.d/20221128_151045_nicola.coretti__106_Support_Sqlalchemy_1_4_part_3.rst

.. A new scriv changelog fragment.
..
.. Uncomment the header that is right (remove the leading dots).
..
🗑️ Removed
----------

> * Removed custom merge statement

Reviewer: Do we want to mention, that we plan to introduce a new version compatible with sqla 1.4 later

Author: Updated changelog fragment

.. A new scriv changelog fragment.
..
.. Uncomment the header that is right (remove the leading dots).
..
🗑️ Removed
----------

* Removed custom merge statement

>   (If we will be notified, that someone users depend on this feature, we are open to add it again.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (If we will be notified, that someone depends on this feature, we are open to add it again.)
```
